h1. Textile Sample

This page lets you create HTML by entering text in a simple format that's easy to read and write.

* Type Textile text in the left window
* See the HTML in the right

Textile is a lightweight markup language billed as a "humane web text editor". It originated in the blogging software Textpattern.

"It is described as":http://textile.thresholdstate.com/:

bq. Textile takes plain text with *simple* markup and produces valid XHTML. It's used in web applications, content management systems, blogging software and online forums. Try it for yourself with the Textile quick reference and preview.

This document is written in Textile; you can see the plain-text version on the left.  To get a feel for Textile's syntax, type some text into the left window and watch the results in the right.  You can see a Textile syntax guide by switching the right-hand window from _Preview_ to _Syntax Guide_.

Textile-js is a JavaScript port of Textile.  You can get the full source code from its "GitHub repository":https://github.com/borgar/js-textile.

**Start with a "(clear)blank page (clear text)":# or edit this document in the left window.**

h1. Tables

p=. Full table with summary, caption, colgroups, thead, tfoot, 2x tbody

table(#dvds){border-collapse:collapse}. Great films on DVD employing Textile summary, caption, thead, tfoot, two tbody elements and colgroups
|={font-size:140%;margin-bottom:15px}. DVDs with two Textiled tbody elements
|:\3. 100 |{background:#ddd}|250||50|300|
|^(header).
|_. Title |_. Starring |_. Director |_. Writer |_. Notes |
|~(footer).
|\5=. This is the tfoot, centred |
|-(toplist){background:#c5f7f6}.
| _The Usual Suspects_ | Benicio Del Toro, Gabriel Byrne, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey | Bryan Singer | Chris McQuarrie | One of the finest films ever made |
| _Se7en_ | Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey | David Fincher | Andrew Kevin Walker | Great psychological thriller |
| _Primer_ | David Sullivan, Shane Carruth | Shane Carruth | Shane Carruth | Amazing insight into trust and human psychology through science fiction. Terrific! |
| _District 9_ | Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope | Neill Blomkamp | Neill Blomkamp, Terri Tatchell | Social commentary layered on thick, but boy is it done well |
|-(medlist){background:#e7e895;}.
| _Arlington Road_ | Tim Robbins, Jeff Bridges | Mark Pellington | Ehren Kruger | Awesome study in neighbourly relations |
| _Phone Booth_ | Colin Farrell, Kiefer Sutherland, Forest Whitaker | Joel Schumacher | Larry Cohen | Edge-of-the-seat stuff in this short but brilliantly executed thriller |
